what is going on ladies and gentlemen my
name is equal espresso and welcome to
today's video on I today where we
talking about how to get the extra XP
challenge in the onslaught dlc map packs
now this challenge consists of finding
four hives from extinction hidden
throughout the new multiplayer maps now
some of these are in plain view and some
of them are kind of tricky to see and
without any guidance you may not see
them at all so let's take a look at
where they are so you can get this
challenge very quickly and very easily
now we'll go in order in which that I
found them first up for me was ignition
now I'll show you guys where on the
mini-map exactly it is but it is right
dead center in the middle of the
underground tunnel so it's not too hard
to find it's right in plain view this
one I don't think you could miss if your
life depended on it fairly easy to find
but if you're in the middle of a public
match like you're supposed to be one of
you get these challenge it'll give your
position away so just be careful when
you do it and this one should be an easy
one for you to get next up let's go to
fog this one's a little tougher to find
and really I urge you to follow along
with me so that you can find it easily
again I'll highlight where exactly on
the map it is via the mini-map but in
the caverns you're going to see the pit
where you can fall and die if you go
prone right next to it you can see
underneath the one little cliff-hanging
ledge you can see the hive and that is
exactly where it is that's where you
want to shoot that's where you want to
go to get your second one so this one's
on a different elevation than you this
one is also concealed by moss and all
that so this one is tougher to find but
moving on to containment this one is one
that is so out in the open that people
will miss it this one is in the spawn
point and all you have to do is climb up
into the second story oil change
facility look out the window and look
back out of the spawn it's on top of one
of the buildings behind the oil change
facility and it's an easy one to find if
you're looking right and you have a
clear line of sight which out of that
window you do now last but certainly not
least we have another one that is out of
the map and close to spawn points this
one is a lot harder to find in my
opinion possibly one of the toughest up
there with fog but what you're gonna
want to do is go to the lighthouse look
back to the right of the lighthouse and
look under the one peer preferably with
a sniper scope you can do it without but
with a sniper scope you can get all the
field of view and you can see the whole
hive in its entire
30 from there all you got to do is shoot
it and there's your fourth and final
hive so those are the locations of all
the hives for the extra XP challenge
pretty cool easter egg in my opinion
that they put in and i'll take the free
2000 XP so that's when my time lives in
jama thank you guys so much for watching
my name's benny cool espresso if you did
like the video please leave a like
rating down below any shares to your
Facebook Twitter and reminds Mississippi
ryoji like that are always greatly
appreciated you're new here be sure to
subscribe the best color to get content
I have a ton of stuff still coming to
you guys so stay tuned for that as
always I hope you guys are having a
great day I should see you guys later
take care and peace
you